docs: add missing article in CONTRIBUTING.md (#8412)
konflux-ci/konflux-ci: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Editing Markdown Files

> If the structure of Markdown files containing a table of contents changes, those
> need to be updated as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the structure of a Markdown file containing a table of contents changes, the
table of contents need to be updated as well.
```
